there's a horse
in your house oh this shoe right here
i ain't staying here all right so once
you step out that door stays locked till
morning
50 percent are all cowboys with black
even the lone rangers were black
who's a long ranger really part you
teaching this boy anything
the history here is deep you like the
wild west out here i woke up to
the moon
[Music]
your daddy got rules that you're not
about
yo yo what are you doing you wanna ride
the street live
you can't be in my house you wanna watch
up you welcome back welcome back to what
i ain't got no home here that's your
choice
i'm gonna get my money and i'm gonna get
up out of here you with me or not bro
but then streetstore made you a man
overnight i'm your father you ain't my
father
i mean you're a father to everyone else
out here
oh you hate me man i was just like you
know
i don't know who they expect us to grow
up be free watching over our shoulder
hold our house
i have something for you oh look like
real cowboy you
just believe that breaking a horse meant
crushing the will
of the animal the only way you can
realize it's true spirit through love
[Music]
you don't have to get out to grow up
what's going on the city decides they
don't need horses
no more y'all trying to tell this place
now come on man how you gonna do that to
us
this is where we live
they can't take who we are as a people
so what are we gonna do then
we're gonna do what we always do we're
gonna ride
[Music]
you